Scheduler: describe hiddenWeekDays API (#8687)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxScheduler/1 Configuration/hiddenWeekDays.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Hides specific days of the week in all Scheduler views.

---

> Use this property to hide days of the week globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this property to hide specific days of the week regardless of the current view.
```

> Specify an array of day numbers from `0` (Sunday) to `6` (Saturday). Scheduler filters out invalid values, removes duplicates, and sorts the remaining values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify an array of day numbers from `0` (Sunday) to `6` (Saturday). Scheduler filters out invalid values and removes duplicates.
```
